This Kunlun mirror
It is the magic weapon used by the empress to cross the human world
I didn't expect Zhang Shoucheng to say a word
It attracted the queen and all the gods to come to the world
Who is the ignorant child?
Can repair these 24 dragon veins
Bring this aura back to the world
Who else could it be but heaven and earth?
The immoral world
Break through heaven and earth
Reopen the world
Repair Dragon Vein
A must for driving homeless people
Inevitably blessed for ten thousand years
Together now
Reiki resurrection
You should do your duty
Biyou Daxia
Ah big brother
You, you, you giant, you are really a lowly emperor
Heaven and earth cultivation base for hundreds of millions of years
No wonder you call me Zhenyuan's ancestor to respect you three points
It's actually heaven and earth invading the spiritual world
Take back the Kunlun mirror
I will never sin against the Emperor of Heaven and deserve death
Heaven and earth are above
Forgive me and other ignorant children who have been scolded for not knowing the sin
Please forgive me.
Unexpectedly, the gentleman I invited was actually heaven and earth
Fake is not fake
He's nothing more than a porter's trash
How could it be heaven and earth?
Qin Shao, don't talk nonsense
heaven and earth fairy
Gold and Silver Zhang Shoucheng
He is not heaven and earth, who is heaven and earth?
Zhang Shoucheng?
No heaven and earth
You adults don't remember villains
I kowtow to you.
I am also blinded by adulterers
Heaven and earth forgive me
Don't follow the rules of heaven and earth
Crazy, you bunch of big families?
Kneeling down to a porter
Who said he was heaven and earth?
I don't believe it.
I see
This is the deception Zhang Shoucheng used for you
The death of the three worlds of beasts is right in front of you
Could it be that you are a wind demon?
He refused to recognize the hand of the gods